.. _Recent:


.. please update here

2019.12.09
============

.. contents:: Content :
  :depth: 2
  :local:


Summary
-----------
라이브러리 Documentation 작성 중 eigenvalue naming and rearrangement  problem 발견 후 수정 중(X,P). (Q,K,F,P) -> (N,K,P,X)
로깅을 이용한 디버깅 활성화 중 K Initializer optimization 진행.

------------------------------

What I did
-------------

.. _Kopt:


Optimization of K Initializer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- library of xxzchain_ has several basis initializer when user want to see specific region of Hilbert space.
  I saw there is useless double for loop in code, so I make it single. In that process, I felt the code of saving is not pythonic but C-style code,
  I make it pythonic. See more detail at :ref:`optk`.

.. _xxzchain: https://xxzchain.readthedocs.io/


nbsphinx
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sphinx_ is brilliant tool for documentation. Even though it provide great guide, a new tool have big problem which is hard to learn about it.
Especially, sphinx only recognize reStructuredtext(.rst) files for making html.

In that meaning, the library nbsphinx_ is a good solution. `nbsphnix` is *Jupyter Notebook Tools for Sphinx*.
Literally, `nbsphinx` helps me to make html source as `Jupyter notebook file format` (.ipynb).
It is not only support Markdown, inline comment and latex syntax, but also ***code excution*** that I plan to try it.
Thanks to `nbshpinx` , I can make page much more easier.



.. _Sphinx: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/
.. _nbsphinx: https://nbsphinx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html

------------------------------

Todo
-------

xxzchain
~~~~~~~~~
- X, P initializer debugging and logging.
- SVD(entanglement entropy) and approx. unitary time evolution implementation needed. (Stack 2)




taxidata
~~~~~~~~~
한양대에서 제공한 함수에 대한 이해와 빠른 서포트(data)가 필요함. (Stack 2)

내일 (12.10) 한양대에서 권용성 씨 내방해 랩미팅 진행함. (오후 3시)




lab
~~~~~

.. important::
	 12월에 현호 컴퓨터 구매 진행해야함. (박진우 박사님 조언을 따라 스레드리퍼 X3970 으로 구매할 것.)

        대략적인 스펙 :

          - CPU : 스레드리퍼 X3970

          - RAM : 128(or more)GB RAM


master course
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- 양자역학 기말시험까지 1주
- 양자역학 과제(Bessel function)
- 고급통계물리 발표준비(Ising?)
- 인우문 T.A. 과제 받을 것.



for this weekend
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- tutorials of `nbsphinx` .
